WinAGES v0.29a (Pulsar)         *** COPYRIGHT ***  by Quinntesson
http://www.emuitalia.com/ages


Minimum requirements
--------------------
You will need Windows, DirectX 3.0 or higher, and a 233 MHz CPU with
MMX.  To use a joystick, you will need DirectX 5.0 or higher.  To use your
CD-ROM drive(s), you will need ASPI.  To use AGES in windowed mode your
display must be set to 16-bit color.


Getting Started with Sega 32X
-----------------------------
Use GROM, Ucon, GoodGen, or other program to convert all of your 32X ROMs to
BINARY format.  Then rename their extensions to ".32X".  Download the 3 32X
BIOSes.  Configure AGES (via "Config->File IO->Load System ROM") to be able to
load them.  The 32X Master SH2 ROM is 2048 bytes, the 32X Slave ROM is 1024
bytes, and the 32X M68000 ROM is 256 bytes.  You can turn off use of the 32X
system ROMs, and AGES will fall back on its BIOS faking routines, but
I will not officially support the use of BIOS faking, so if there is a
problem with AGES, be sure you have the ROMs and have configured AGES to use
them!

You can download Ucon and the complete 32X BIOS fileset from Eidolon's Inn.
(http://www.eidolons-inn.de/sega/gen_files.html)
(http://www.eidolons-inn.de/sega/32x_dev.html)
You can download GROM from http://www.dynarec.com/~bart
You can download GoodGen from any decent emulation website.
You can download WinRAR from the WinRAR website.
(http://www.rarsoft.net)
You can download ZLib.DLL from the ZLib.DLL website.
(http://www.winimage.com/zLibDll/)

Getting Started with Sega CD
----------------------------
First make sure you have ASPI installed.  If you don't, AGES will display
something like "Error with WNASPI32.DLL."  Download the Sega CD BIOSes.
Configure AGES (via "Config->File IO->Load System ROM") to be able to load
them.  AGES WILL NOT RUN SEGA CD GAMES WITHOUT A BIOS!  AGES will
automatically choose which BIOS to use, but this means you must choose your
regional settings before booting the Sega CD.  If you make any changes, you
must reset the Sega CD before the changes will take effect.

As of this release, Japanese games don't work with the Japanese BIOS
v1.01, when the "weird Japanese BIOS fix" option is not selected.  Make sure
that option is checked before attempting to play any Japanese Mega CD games.

You can download ASPI from the Adaptec Inc FTP.
(ftp://ftp.adaptec.com/software_pc/aspi/aspi32.exe)
You can download the Sega CD BIOSes from Eidolon's Inn.
(http://www.eidolons-inn.de/sega/segacd_dev.html)
You can download WinRAR from the WinRAR website.
(http://www.rarsoft.net)
You can download ZLib.DLL from the ZLib.DLL website.
(http://www.winimage.com/zLibDll/)


Important information
---------------------
AS ALWAYS read the AGES FAQ (http://www.emuitalia.com/ages/faq.html) for
further information.

For various reasons, saved state files, demo files, and some keys in the
AGES.INI file created with versions of AGES prior to 0.29a are *not*
compatible with versions of AGES 0.29a and higher.  Sorry for the
inconvenience.

To run AGES in windowed mode, you must set your desktop's color depth to 16
bit.  If it isn't, you will only be able to use AGES in fullscreen mode; AGES
will stay paused in windowed mode.  If, during loading, a DirectInput call
fails, AGES will stay open, but alert you that you will only be able to watch
games run.

The "load patch" action only works with IPS patches intended for use with
BINARY ROM images.  Patches for SMD or MD files should not be used!  Patches
for CD images of any type (ISO or RAW/BIN) also should not be used.

The ISO support has been replaced with CUE/ISO/MP3 support because the
compatiblity of solitary ISOs is poor.  Most games will not work without
their music tracks present.  Learn how to use/make CUE sheets, DO NOT ASK ME
HOW TO DO IT!  SegaXtreme has a nice tutorial.  The URL for SegaXtreme is:
http://www.litespeedcomputers.com/sx/

In your CUE sheets, specify your music tracks with the .WAV extension and
WAVE keyword; AGES assumes they are MP3s anyway, and will appropriately
compensate.  As of this release, AGES will not play MP3 files, but it
probably will in the future (as well as using them to create correct TOC
entries for the game).  Also, AGES will not recognize filenames with spaces
unless the whole filename is enclosed in double quotes.  ( " )  Within a
RAR'd or ZIPped CUE/ISO/MP3 archive, all files names in the CUE sheet should
not have a path!


What's implemented
------------------
+ Genesis YM2612 sound (sans LFO, RS, DT, SSGEG, FB, stereo control)
+ Genesis DAC sound
+ Genesis PSG sound (sans noise channel)
+ Sega CD PCM sound
+ Player 1 and player 2
+ 3 button and 6 button controllers
+ Sega mouse
+ Sega Menacer (but has calibration/timing problems)
+ Justifier (but has calibration/timing problems)
+ Sega teamplayer multitap
+ Electronic Arts 4 Way Play
+ M68000 and Z80
+ Master and Slave SH2s
+ Raster effects (palette changes *and* VDP configuration changes)
+ Shadow and Highlight effects
+ Sprite Masking and Sprite Limiting
+ Interlace mode (sans window plane)
+ All three 32X graphics modes
+ 32X/Genesis layering
+ most SH2 peripherals
+ Dual frame buffer support
+ BIN/GEN, SMD, MD, 32X, ISO, RAW/BIN, and CUE filetypes
+ ZIP support for BIN/GEN, SMD, 32X, ISO, RAW/BIN, and CUE filetypes
+ RAR support for BIN/GEN, SMD, 32X, ISO, RAW/BIN, and CUE filetypes
+ Direct CD-ROM support for Sega CD via ASPI
+ Save State loading and saving (Genesis only)
+ Genecyst saved state loading
+ Genesis/32X Battery RAM saving and loading
+ Serial EEPROM support
+ Sega CD internal backup RAM
+ Sega CD RAM cartridges
+ Sega CD Rotate/Scale graphics "layer"
+ CD music track playing
+ Multilingual engine
+ IPS patch loading
+ GoodGen.DLL, Good32X.DLL, and GoodSMS.DLL support
+ Genesis Collective Offline Database support

What's not implemented (yet)
----------------------------
- Save State files for Sega CD, 32X, and SMS
- 32X PWM Sound
- MP3 track playback
- Activator, Optical Pad, Modem, & any other unmentioned peripherals
- Sprite collision & sprite overflow bits
- SH2 INTC (partial)
- SH2 SCI (partial)
- RAR support for MD filetype
- ZIP support for MD filetypes
- SVP (might not even do this one anyway)
- Sega CD "fullscreen" graphics


Multilingual Engine
-------------------
AGES can be freely translated without needing to alter the EXE file.
On loading, AGES will look for a file called AGES_LNG.INI.  If it is present,
AGES will use it to replace the text of its menus, error messages, and
dialog boxes.  It the AGES_LNG.INI file is NOT present, AGES will default to
the English language.


Keys
----
0-9             - select a saved-state slot 0 - 9.
Alt L           - load a ROM
Alt P           - pauses emulator
Alt R           - resets emulator
Alt X           - exists emulator
Alt A           - advance by one frame
Alt Z           - toggle Genesis Z80 enabled / disabled
Alt - (numpad)  - switch to single resolution windowed mode
Alt + (numpad)  - switch to double resolution windowed mode
F1              - about AGES
F2              - save state
F3              - load state
F4              - switch between windowed and fullscreen modes
F5              - capture/release mouse
F6              - start or stop recording a WAVE file
Alt F6          - start or stop recording a GYM/VGM music file  (not done)
F7              - start or stop recording a movie file (.AVI)   (not done)
F8              - start or stop recording an AGES demo file
F9              - save a PNG screenshot


AGES defaults to the following keys for gameplay:

Player 1
    numpad up       - D-pad UP
    numpad down     - D-pad DOWN
    numpad left     - D-pad LEFT
    numpad right    - D-pad RIGHT
    enter           - START
    a               - A
    s               - B
    d               - C
    z               - X
    x               - Y
    c               - Z
    v               - MODE (does not actually switch modes; use config menu)

Player 2a
    o               - D-pad UP
    .               - D-pad DOWN
    k               - D-pad LEFT
    ;               - D-pad RIGHT
    l               - START
    t               - A
    y               - B
    u               - C
    g               - X
    h               - Y
    j               - Z
    b               - MODE (does not actually switch modes; use config menu)

Players 1b-d and 2b-d do not have default settings.


Features
--------
AGES_GS.INI    - AGES supports game-specific configuration -- also called
                 "tweaking."  Any configuration item except for
                 file paths and file filter indexes can be saved on a
                 game-by-game basis in a file called AGES_GS.INI.  You will
                 have to create/edit this file yourself, AGES has no built-in
                 method for saving these game-specific settings.  Each game
                 with special settings must have a "key" in the AGES_GS.INI
                 file.  The key begins on the first column of a line and looks
                 like:  [xxxxxxxx]  where the x's represent the 32-bit GoodGen
                 CRC value for the game.  The game-specific configuration
                 settings may appear on the lines following, until a different
                 game key is encountered.  Multiple game keys can be grouped
                 together, one on each line, if there are no lines in-between
                 them.  This is mostly useful for sharing the exact same
                 game-specific settings among all country variants and hacks
                 of a particular game.  In order to use this feature, you
                 must have GoodGen.DLL present for Genesis ROMs, Good32X.DLL
                 for 32X ROMs, etc...

Genesis        - AGES supports the Genesis Collective Offline Database.
Collective       You must have GoodGen.DLL present in order for the feature
                 to work properly.  GCO database is distributed as 
                 Microsoft compressed HTML files.  To view these you must
                 have Windows 98 (or later), or Internet Explorer 4, or DCOM
                 for Windows 95 installed.

Screenshots    - AGES can saved screenshots directly to PNG.  As far as I can
                 tell, the files it outputs are consistently much smaller than
                 what you would get from something like Paint Shop Pro.  If
                 you edit the PNGs, you risk having the files grow by 50 %
                 (or more) in size!  When you have the "autoname screenshots"
                 option enabled, this is quite a powerful feature.  Just
                 press F9 throughout the game and you will have a nicely named
                 and numbered set of screenshots for the game.  How could I
                 make it any easier?  :)  If you have trouble opening
                 AGES-generated PNGs in your favorite program, you can fiddle
                 with the compression level in the AGES.INI.

Demos          - AGES demo files are basically logs of the input from the user
                 every vblank.  To create a demo, select "save demo" from the
                 "File" menu or press F8.  AGES will reset the current ROM and
                 begin recording your keystrokes (or joystick or whatever) and
                 save them to a file.  At this time, you will be prompted for
                 a filename if autonaming is turned off.  Select "save demo"
                 from the "File" menu or press F8 a second time to stop
                 recording and finish saving the file.

                 To play back, select "Load demo" from the "File" menu.  AGES
                 will reset, play the demo back, and reset once it is
                 finished.  Somes example uses of AGES demo files are:  in a
                 highscores competition, to demonstrate some particular trick
                 or how to get to a secret area, for random amusement, and so
                 on.  In the future, I'll be adding more features, such as
                 the ability to "jump in" during a demo playback, and so on.

Waves          - AGES can record WAV sound files.  Hit F6 to begin, hit it
                 again to stop.  Not much else to say.  ;)

GYM/VGM        - Records a GYM music file.  [VGM files aren't actually
                  supported yet.]  Hit Alt-F6 to begin and hit it again to
                 stop.  The GYMs output do not include DAC samples.                 

Movies         - Records an AVI file with sound.  SET FRAMESKIP TO 0 WHEN
                 USING THIS.
                 [Not yet implemented]

Menacer and    - AGES can emulate the Sega Menacer lightgun, or Konami
Justifier        Justifier lightgun.  Note that all games I know of are
                 designed to use a control pad in port 1 and the lightgun
                 in port 2.  The ablity to select Menacer and Justifier on
                 port 1 exists only for completeness.  If you want to use
                 your PC's mouse to control the lightgun, be sure to actually
                 configure the appropriate player's input device to "mouse"
                 (instead of "keyboard" or "joystick").  Note that these
                 lightguns are not perfectly useable due to some nasty timing
                 issues.  This will be fixed soon.  Also, the second Konami
                 Justifier gun (pink) is not yet supported.

Game Genie     - AGES supports Game Genie codes loaded from a file.  The file
                 is named xxxxx.PAT  where "xxxxx" is the exact name of the
                 game appearing in the titlebar of the AGES frame.  To
                 activate a particular code, highlight it in the Game Genie
                 dialog box.  Click "OK" when you are finished.  You may have
                 to reset the game before some codes will take effect.  There
                 is no way to edit codes or insert new ones within AGES.  You
                 will need to edit the .PAT file to make changes.



Configuration
-------------
Options marked with a ## can be modified by editting the AGES.INI file if
you want.  These sorts of options are present only for the benefit of
advanced users.  Beginners do not need to tinker with them.

* File IO
    Load System ROM       - Use this to provide AGES with the full path to
                            you Genesis, 32X, Sega CD, and SMS system ROMs.

    Default CD drive      - Lists all the CD-ROM drives that AGES detected on
                            your computer.  Choose one and it will be used
                            for Sega CD emulation.

    BRM Path              - BRM's are direct dumps of the battery RAM.  These
                            files (if they come from a Genesis game) should be
                            completely compatible with Genecyst.  Simply
                            change the file extension.  This option is useful
                            if you want to play your games off a CDR and still
                            have battery RAM support, or if you just don't
                            want your ROM directory to be cluttered.

 ## ROM Path              - AGES remembers the directory that ROMs are loaded
                            from.  It also remembers the previous file type
                            used.

 ## GSS Path              - This is the directory to store your game saved
                            state files in.  Again, it is useful for playing
                            games off a CDR or simply not cluttering your ROM
                            directory.

 ## DEM Path              - This is the directory for loading/saving your demo
                            files in.

 ## PAT Path              - This is the directory that AGES defaults to for
                            loading patch files.

 ## SHT Path              - This is the directory to store your screenshots
                            files in.

 ## WAV Path              - This is the directory to store your wave files
                            in.

 ## GYM/VGM Path          - This is the directory to store your GYM and VGM
                            files in.

 ## MOV Path              - This is the directory to store your AVI files
                            in.

    Save BRMs in saved    - If this option is checked, all BRM areas will be
     states                 saved inside the save state file.  For Sega CD
                            this would include the internal battery RAM as
                            well as a RAM cartridge image (if you have
                             RAM cartridges enabled).

    Autoname Save States  - If enabled, the saved states will automatically
                            be saved with a name that matches the ROM name.
                            If disabled, you will always be prompted with a
                            file-save dialog box to select a name for the
                            saved-state.

    Autoname Demos        - If enabled, AGES demo files will automatically
                            be saved or loaded with a name that matches the
                            ROM name.  If disabled, you will always be
                            prompted with a file-save or file-open dialog box
                            to select a name for the AGES demo file.

    Autoname Patches      - If enabled, the patch will automatically
                            be loaded from a file with a name that matches the
                            ROM name.  If disabled, you will always be
                            prompted with a file-open dialog box to select a
                            name for the patch.

    Autoname Screenshots  - If enabled, screenshots will automatically
                            be saved with a name that matches the ROM name
                            plus a three digit decimal number, which
                            automatically increments as needed.  If disabled,
                            you will always be prompted with a file-save
                            dialog box to select a name for the screenshot.

    Autoname Waves        - If enabled, wave files will automatically
                            be saved with a name that matches the ROM name.
                            If disabled, you will always be prompted with a
                            file-save dialog box to select a name for the
                            wave file.

    Autoname GYM/VGM      - If enabled, GYM/VGM files will automatically
                            be saved with a name that matches the ROM name.
                            If disabled, you will always be prompted with a
                            file-save dialog box to select a name for the
                            GYM/VGM file.

    Autoname Movies       - If enabled, AVI files will automatically
                            be saved with a name that matches the ROM name.
                            If disabled, you will always be prompted with a
                            file-save dialog box to select a name for the
                            AVI file.

 ## PNGCompressionLevel   - Adjust this value if the you are having trouble
                            opening AGES-generated PNGs in your favorite
                            program.  The highest level of compression is 9,
                            while the lowest is 0.  Most programs tend to use
                            around level 6 compression.
                            
* Graphics
    Frame Skip         - Can be set to Auto, 0, 1, 3, or 7.

    Screen Size        - Sets the screen size.  F4 toggles between fullscreen
                         and previous windowed mode.  Alt - selects single
                         resolution windowed mode, Alt + selects double
                         resolution windowed mode.

    Scan Lines         - Chooses a scanline option: none, 50% intensity, or
                         blank lines (the classic full effect).  This option
                         is only used in the double resolution and fullscreen
                         graphics modes.

    Force Display      - Prevents games from blanking out the display.  This
                         option is probably only useful to developers/hackers
                         who wish to "see in the dark."

    Enhance Visibility - Forces a pre-cooked palette on the Genesis, and 32X
                         256 Color graphics modes, and SMS.  If a game is
                         chugging along without establishing a palette, the
                         screen stays blank and the game isn't playable.  Use
                         this option to "see in the dark."  This may also be
                         benficial to game developers/hackers.

 ## Custom Window X    - A decimal number (E.G. 320) which is used in
                         conjunction with some GUI frame/stretch behaviors.
                         This value represents a preferred width for the
                         AGES frame or for the aspect ratio of the displayed
                         graphics.

 ## Custom Window Y    - A decimal number (E.G. 224) which is used in
                         conjunction with some GUI frame/stretch behaviors.
                         This value represents a preferred height for the
                         AGES frame or for the aspect ratio of the displayed
                         graphics.

* Sound
    Rate               - This option controls the sample rate of the sound
                         engine in AGES.  Your choices are 11025 Hz,
                         22050 Hz, or 44100 Hz.  AGES runs fastest with
                         the 11025 Hz setting, but has the best sound quality
                         with the 44100 Hz setting.

    Stereo             - Gives you stereo (2 channel) sound instead of
                         mono (1 channel) sound.  Mono sound will make AGES
                         run faster.
                         [Not implemented yet.]

    Allow Aliasing     - Sometimes games will program the sound chips (the
                          YM2612 particularly) to emit high-frequency sounds
                         which would be aliased to lower frequency noise.
                         AGES (unlike other emulators) can filter out this
                         noise to improve sound quality.  This filtering is
                         *may* have subtle unwanted effects on some games, so
                         this option is created so that you have control.
                         There is no significant speed advantage to either
                         setting.

* Input
    Player 1/2[abcd]   - Select the device that each player uses.  Choices are
                         keyboard, joystick, mouse, and network connection.
                         [Though you can set this to "network", AGES does not
                         support network play yet.]

    Define Keys...     - Define which keys are used for gameplay.  Press the
                         "change" button to change a key, and the value will
                         turn into flashing ?'s until you press a key.  If you
                         do not press a key after 6 seconds, the selection
                         will revert to its original value.

    Define Joystick... - Define joystick buttons used for gameplay.  You
                         can not change up, down, left, or right.  Press the
                         "change" button to change a key, and the value will
                         turn into flashing ?'s until you press a key.  If you
                         do not press a button after 6 seconds, the selection
                         will revert to its original value.

    Network...         - Configure network options for network games.
                         [Reserved for future expansion.]

 ## MouseSensitivity   - When you are emulating a Sega Mouse, Sega Menacer,
                         Konami Justifier, or Sega SMS Light Phaser with your
                         system's mouse, this value will affect how fast
                         the cursor moves.  Values from 1 to 8 are accepted,
                         1 being slowest, and 8 being fastest.


* GUI
    Frame/Stretch      - AGES will give you your choice of frame/stretch
     Behavior            behaviors while in windowed mode.  Each of these
                         behaviors affects fullscreen mode as well.
                         The following list explains each one.
                          * Self adjust - This is the "classic" behavior of
                              AGES.  When the emulated machine changes
                              screen resolutions, the AGES frame is changed
                              to match it.  All pixels are square and exact
                              size, in windowed mode or fullscreen mode.
                          * Static size/Square pixels - This setting causes
                              the AGES frame to always stay the same size.
                              The size is specified by the Custom Window X
                              width and Custom Window Y height values.  See
                              their description above.  The image will be
                              stretched if necessary to fit inside the AGES
                              frame, but all pixels will be kept square.  In
                              full screen mode, the image will be stretched
                              to fit on the whole screen, but all pixels will
                              be kept square.
                          * Static size/Stretched - This setting causes
                              the AGES frame to always stay the same size.
                              The size is specified by the Custom Window X
                              width and Custom Window Y height values.  See
                              their description above.  The image is
                              stretched to exactly fit inside the AGES frame
                              with no horizontal or vertical borders.  In
                              fullscreen mode, the image is stretched to the
                              aspect ratio specified by the Custom Window X
                              width and Custom Window Y height values.
                          * Resizeable/Square pixels - In this setting, you
                              can dynamically resize the AGES frame.  The
                              image will be stretched if necessary to fit
                              inside the AGES frame, but all pixels will be
                              kept square.  In fullscreen mode, the image will
                              be stretched to fit on the whole screen, but all
                              pixels will be kept square.
                          * Resizeable/Custom XY ratio - In this setting, you
                              can dynamically resize the AGES frame.  In
                              windowed and fullscreen modes, the image is
                              stretched to the aspect ratio specified by the
                              Custom Window X width and Custom Window Y height
                              values.  See their description above.
                          * Resizeable/Stretched - In this setting, you
                              can dynamically resize the AGES frame.  The
                              image is stretched to exactly fit inside the
                              AGES frame with no horizontal or vertical
                              borders.  In fullscreen mode, the image is
                              stretched to exactly fill the whole screen
                              with no horizontal or vertical borders.

    Game Name Search   - AGES can identify a ROM by its filename, by the name
     Order               appearing in its header, or by the name that a ROM
                         identifier (such as GoodGen) assigns to it based on
                         its checksum value.  Use this option to control the
                         order that AGES tries to internally name a ROM.  A
                         ROM's name will effect the name seen in the title
                         bar of the AGES window and the naming of BRM files,
                         screenshots, saved states, etc...

    Error Messages     - Allows you to turn on/off some nonessential (and
                          often annoying) error messages.  Your choices are:
                         ROM Validity Failure, Missing WNASPI32.DLL, Missing
                         UnRAR.DLL, Missing ZLib.DLL, Missing GoodGen.DLL,
                         and Missing Good32X.DLL.  Even though you can turn
                         off the ASPI error message, it is still required
                         for Sega CD emulation.

    Auto-pause (focus) - If this option is enabled, AGES will pause when you
                         switch tasks in Windows.  If this option is disabled,
                         AGES will continue emulation even when you switch
                         tasks.

* Machine
    Miscellaneous
      Region           - Select region.  Choices are Autodetect, USA, Japan,
                         and Europe.

      Region Order     - Works with the Autodetect option.  Use this to
                         control the search order (top down) of the
                         autodetector.  Click on a region to bring it to the
                         top of the list.

      Port 1/2         - Select the device which will be emulated on that
                         input port.  Choices are 3 button controller, 6
                         button controller, Sega mouse, Sega Menacer,
                         Konami Justifier, Sega Teamplayer, or Electronic Arts
                         4 Way Play.

      Expansion Port   - Selects the device which will be emulated on the
                         expansion port.  These settings will have no effect
                         if no port-expanding device is selected on Port 1/2.

    Genesis
      Use system ROM   - Turn on use of the Genesis system ROM.

      Disable Z80      - Most games require Genesis Z80 emulation to work
                         correctly, so don't disable the Z80 unless you know
                         what you are doing.

      Autofix checksum - Corrects a ROM's checksum in memory.  It is not wise
                         to use this option as some ROMs use a different
                         checksum scheme.
                         [Reserved for future expansion.]

      Sprite Limit     - Turn this option on to force AGES to adhere to the
                         Genesis's natural limitations in sprite generation.

      Squash Interlace - Checking this option will cause AGES to display
                         Genesis interlace mode graphics at normal height
                         but will only show half the lines available
                         (alternating each frame).  Unchecking this option
                         will double the height of the AGES frame and will
                         draw all lines of the display.

 ##   M68000 Speed     - Recommended value for this is CA.  Higher hex values
                         will *lower* the clock frequency and thus may give
                         the *appearance* of the emulator running faster when
                         autoframeskip is turned off.  Games for the
                         Genesis/Sega CD/32X collective can be VERY sensitive
                         to timing, so tinker with this at your own risk!
                         If you do have some success, I'd love to hear about
                         it in an email.

 ##   Z80 Speed        - Recommended value for this is EB.  See the Genesis
                         M68000 Speed description for more information about
                         CPU speed settings.

    32X
      Use system ROMs  - I strongly recommend you enable this option!  Turn
                         this option off only in extremely dire situations.
                         If you want to emulate CD/32X games, this option
                         MUST be enabled, the BIOS "faking" will not work
                         for CD/32X games.

 ##   M SH2 Speed      - Recommended value for this is 75.  See the Genesis
                         M68000 Speed description for more information about
                         CPU speed settings.

 ##   S SH2 Speed      - Recommended value for this is 75.  See the Genesis
                         M68000 Speed description for more information about
                         CPU speed settings.

    SCD
      Enabled CD/32X   - This option must be on if you wish to emulate the
                         32X along with the Sega CD.  Be aware that CD/32X
                         games require the 32X systems ROMs to be present
                         and configured, the BIOS "faking" will not work.

      Use RAM carts    - Enables automatic saving and loading of Cartridge
                         BRMs for each individual game.  Turn this option off
                         if you don't want your BRM directory cluttered with
                         files.

      RAM cart size    - This controls the size of the RAM cartridge.  You
                         probably can't go wrong by using the largest setting.

 ##   M68000 Speed     - Recommended value for this is B5.  See the Genesis
                         M68000 Speed description for more information about
                         CPU speed settings.

Thanks
------
AGES could not have existed without the help of many individuals out there.
Special thanks go out to (in no particular order) Eric Quinn, Eidolon, Atani,
Charles MacDonald, Earl, Steve Snake, the guys of SegaXtreme and of Sega
ROMHouse, the guys of Genesis Power, Flavio, The Fox, Kilrathi, Red5, Zoop,
and Smmify, and all the others who have sent bug reports, ROMs, or technical
information.  I hope I didn't forget anyone.  Email me if I did.
